// Rental Rules
It is necessary that each rental has exactly one requested car group.
It is necessary that each rental includes exactly one rental period.
It is necessary that each rental has exactly one return branch.
It is necessary that the scheduled pick-up date/time of each advance rental is after the booking date/time of the rental booking that establishes the advance rental.

// Charging / Billing / Payment Rules
It is permitted that a rental is open only if an estimated rental charge is provisionally charged to a credit card of the renter that is responsible for the rental.
It is necessary that the rental charge of each rental is calculated in the business currency of the rental.
// If the renter of a rental requests a price conversion then it is obligatory that the rental charge of the rental is converted to the currency of the price conversion. -- "request" is not in vocabulary
It is necessary that each cash rental honors the lowest rental price of the cash rental.

// Driver rules
It is permitted that a rental is open only if each driver of the rental is not a barred driver.
It is obligatory that each driver of a rental is qualified.

// Pick-up / Return Rules
It is obligatory that the country of the return branch of each international inward rental is the country of registration of the rented car of the rental.
It is obligatory that at the actual return date/time of each in-country rental and each international inward rental the local area of the return branch of the rental owns the rented car of the rental.
It is obligatory that the country of the return branch of each international inward rental is the country of registration of the rented car of the rental.
It is necessary that if a rental is open and the rental is not an international inward rental then the rented car of the rental is owned by the local area of the pick-up branch of the rental.
If the actual return date/time of a rental is after the end date/time of the grace period of the rental then it is obligatory that the rental incurs a late return charge.
If the drop-off location of a rental is not the EU-Rent site that is base for the return branch of the rental then it is obligatory that the rental incurs a location penalty charge.
// If a rental is assigned then it is obligatory that the rented car of the rental is stored at the pick-up branch of the rental. --  "assigned"?
At the actual start date/time of each rental it is obligatory that the fuel level of the rented car of the rental is full.

// Points Rental Rules
It is necessary that the booking date/time of a points rental is at least 5 days before the scheduled start date/time of the rental.
It is necessary that the renter of each points rental is a club member.

// Rental Period Rules
// It is obligatory that the start date of each reserved rental is in the future. -- future?
It is obligatory that the rental duration of each rental is at most 90 rental days.
If rental1 is not rental2 and the renter of rental1 is the renter of rental2 then it is obligatory that the rental period of rental1 does not overlap the rental period of rental2.

// Servicing Rules
It is obligatory that each rental car in need of service has a scheduled service.
It is obligatory that the service reading of a rental car is at most 5500 miles.
If the rented car of an open rental is in need of service or is in need of repair then it is obligatory that the rental incurs a car exchange during rental.

// Transfer Rules
At the transfer drop-off date/time of a car transfer it is obligatory that the transferred car of the car transfer is owned by the local area that includes the transfer drop-off branch of the car transfer.
It is obligatory that the country of the transfer drop-off branch of an international return is the country of registration of the transferred car of the international return.
// At the drop-off date/time of an international return it is obligatory that the transferred car of the international return is owned by the local area that includes the transfer drop-off branch of the international return. -- drop-off date/time is not defined, ("transfer drop-off date/time")